added-font (#1)
fastn-community/poppins-font: README.md

Poppins: fastn Font Package

This repository contains a [fastn font package](https://fpm.dev/featured/fonts/) containing [Google Font: 
Poppins](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Poppins/about).

> Geometric sans serif typefaces have been a popular design tool ever since these actors took to the world’s stage. Poppins is one of the new comers to this long tradition. With support for the Devanagari and Latin writing systems, it is an internationalist take on the genre.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Geometric sans serif typefaces have been a popular design tool ever since these actors took to the world’s stage. Poppins is one of the new comers to this long tradition. With support for the Devanagari and Latin writing systems, it is an internationalist take on the genre.
```

Designers: Indian Type Foundry, Jonny Pinhorn

## How To Use This Font In Your fastn Package:

[Read the docs and demo](https://fastn-community.github.io/poppins-font
/).

Also, check [playfair-display-font
-typography](https://fastn-community.github.io/poppins-font
-typography/)

## 👀 Want to learn more?

> Feel free to check [our documentation](https://fpm.dev/) or jump into our [FifthTry Discord 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to check [our documentation](https://fastn.com/) or jump into our [FifthTry Discord 
```

server](https://discord.gg/bucrdvptYd).

## License

> Since Arya Font is under [Open Font Licence](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Playfair+Display/about), this fastn wrapper is also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Poppins Font is under [Open Font Licence](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Poppins/about?query=poppins), this fastn wrapper is also
```
